Open main1.py. Before running it, what do you expect this program to do?
I expect this to check what version of Python we are using.

Now right click on the window and select “Run Python File in Terminal”. Click in the bottom panel, and answer the question. Describe what happened. 
The program printed out PS followed by the url for the folder we made

What do you think the program did with what you typed?
I think that the program took my answer and stored it in the repository folder


Open main2.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main1.py. 
In main2 there is a variable color and then color is printed instead of just printing the input like in main1
What do you think the color = input() will do? 
I think color = input() will set color to the specified input
Run the program in the terminal and answer the question. Did the program do what you expected?
No, the programmed added a step I did not expect and printed the color that I typed in


Open main3.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
Main3 adds an if else after the color declaration
What is happening on lines 11–14? 
The if is checking to see if you enter in "Red" and if not it will print "Try again"
Why are lines 12 and 14 indented? 
They are indented because they are within the if and the else
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you don’t capitalize Red? 
If Red is not capitalized, then it prints "Sorry, try again"
What does this tell you about "color"?
This tells me that color is case sensitive


Open main4.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
This is different than main3 because it offers two options for red instead of just Red
What problem is this trying to solve? 
This is trying to solve the case sensitivity problem
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you use some other capitalization scheme (i.e., “RED” or “reD“)?
It says "Sorry, try again"


Open main5.py. What do you expect line 11 to do? 
I think this will take whatever color is and make it all lowercase
What problem is it trying to solve? 
This is trying to solve capitalization issues
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you add spaces before or after the word (i.e., “  RED  “ or “ red”)?
It says "Sorry, try again"


Open main6.py. How is line 11 different than main5.py? 
It has added .strip() to color
What would you guess .strip() is doing? 
I would guess that it would take away any spaces
Run the program and answer the question. Is there another way of writing “red” that will break this logic?
Putting spaces inside the word red will break the logic


Open main7.py. Before running this program, how do you expect this to be different than main6.py? 
Main7 added a pink option so pink will be the only other color option besides red
What is the purpose of line 11? 
line 11 forces color to be all lowercase and removes any spaces
Run the program and answer the question.



Open main8.py. What is the purpose of line 11? 
line 11 will make it so that the program will loop until red is entered
Why are lines 12–19 indented? 
Because they are inside the while loop
Run the program. What would happen if line 12 were moved before line 11 (and no longer indented)? 
Then the program would only ask the question "What is my favorite color?" once and never again
Make that change and run the program again. To end any Python program, you can type ctrl-c.



Open main9.py. What is happening on line 12? 
It is creating a loop that won't end until color = 'red'
What is the purpose of “count”? 
To keep track of how many times it takes to get to red
What is happening on line 22? 
It is going to print the number of times it took to guess the right color, .format(count) is telling it what to put where the {0} is
Run the program.


*Extra credit:* open main10.py. Add a comment to each line describing what it is doing (a comment follows a pound sign [#]). 

Commit your changes and push them back to the repository. 

Did you do the extra credit?